# Winning a Tesla (Hopefully!) With Selenium Automation and Optical Character Recognition
<p align="justify">Optical Character Recognition (or OCR) is the conversion of images typed, handwritten or printed text into machine-encoded text. OCR can help digitalize printed text so that it can be electronically searched for, stored and displayed. It is commonly used in machine processes such as cognitive computing, machine translation, text-to-speech and text mining and is an important field of study in pattern recognition, artificial intelligent and computer vision. Yeo Valley, a British family-owned farming and dairy company sell a fantastic brand of yogurt and their business model provides their consumers with the ability to redeem Yeokens (points) for experiences and prizes. The Yeokens are claimed by entering a dot matrix font code on the inside of their yogurt lids. An OCR engine can be linked with browser automation functions to automatize this boring stuff. This project automates the process involved in entering a promotional code on a website in order to collect points and to enter in a draw to win a Tesla Model 3. The process is split into four defined tasks; image download, image preprocessing, optical character recognition of image and promotional code submission. Selenium is used to automate the first and last stages of the process, firstly logging in to WhatsApp Web and finally simulating human-like typing upon form submission to mimic human writing behavior. Steps two and three use computer vision techniques and transformations to ensure the image input for the OCR engine is optimized. All the steps are linked together to form a script which ultimately takes an image of a yogurt lid, detects a 14 character code and enters that code into an online draw.</p>
